SKRHYB - 2nd follow-up
Tue, Jul 15, 2025

0:33 - Alex Borg
Hi, good morning, Wale. It's Alex from ABE Innovation Consulting. It's just to let you know that we're in the room.

0:44 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

0:45 - Alex Borg
Bye-bye. Hi, guys. Hi, good morning, Wale. Good morning. How are you? It's early, right?

2:15 - Wale Agbaje
It is.

2:17 - Alex Borg
Because, you know, usually I try to start my meetings from 9 onwards. So for you, it's 8 o'clock.

2:29 - Wale Agbaje
Yeah, so I seriously didn't realize it was this early.

2:50 - Alex Borg
Let me just... Let's see. In the meantime, do you have any questions? Last time, I think we went through the motions of how things would look like if you were to onboard. So, we also went into the...

3:45 - Wale Agbaje
specifics of the project a bit more in depth yes yeah that's that's correct and um I believe you said um yeah you're interested also in the metrics right in that is that is correct yes with you know in getting some metrics to be able to attract funders yes correct so I've started working on those metrics and I've got about I've got about seven now but I want to get it to at least 20 for exercise I'm trying to get it to at least 20 for this exercise so that it's a good number of users that are showing interest in using the app right because the app is not ready it's a bit difficult to to get more than 20 but so as soon as I get 27 and you want to get up to 20 we're talking about you subscribers right yeah subscribers that are showing interest in using it that are showing interest in using the app yeah okay and the app we said is live right it was it's an MV It's an MVP? No, it's not. Yeah, it's before MVP. We haven't built it yet, which is why I took you through the deck last week. Okay. Just to show you what the app can do, what the potentials are, what the features that we're looking to release within the application.

6:02 - Alex Borg
Just my suggestion to you is when you release an MVP you have to focus on metrics that prove to your early adopters that there is value more than the specific features because features can be added later in subsequent versions but it's first of all important for you to register the want on the part of potential customers. These would be early adopters who are keen about it and it resonates with them. And the reason why I'd suggest you don't add too many features is basically it might require a lot of effort and money, especially if you've you're outsourcing the development. Absolutely. Tech people will tend to want to push you to develop and roll out as many features as you can. Yeah. So it's a balance, I think. You have to come up with minimal features that resonate with early adopters. And based on that, get the metrics. Yeah. Release a new version of your MVP with new features.

7:34 - Wale Agbaje
Yeah, I totally agree. I totally agree with that approach because it saves money, it gets the product to the market early and then with that it gives you also the metrics that you need.

7:54 - Alex Borg
So I totally agree. We would be able to help you on that from the marketing point of view. Now, Alessandra has more details about how it happens, but it's essentially a growth hacking approach. It's probably involving some A-B testing and collecting data. So I don't know what other questions, I mean, regarding then the discussion we had about setting up in Malta. Remind me, are you a British citizen? No, I am a British citizen, and I live in UK.

8:41 - Wale Agbaje
I live in London, yeah.

8:43 - Alex Borg
OK, and you probably have a job, and you're tied, and you have family ties or job.

8:52 - Alex Borg
So you'd be looking at incorporation in Malta.

8:58 - Alex Borg
You'd need then a director, I guess, to exercise management and control.

9:06 - Wale Agbaje
Yeah, but I can, of course, I'm going to be the director as well.

9:15 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes, of course.

9:17 - Wale Agbaje
Yeah, but if requires another director, then we can work something out.

9:23 - Alex Borg
It's not a decision that we have to take now.

9:28 - Alex Borg
But normally, it's recommended to have a local director. I mean, we don't do that ourselves, because that's not our core expertise. But we can connect you to one of our partners when we get to that point, that decision point. OK. Crucial is to understand what project you would have in mind for Malta. What kind of operation would you want for Malta? And presumably, of course, if your idea takes off, is basically to gain access to the entire EU market.

10:11 - Wale Agbaje
Absolutely. Absolutely. So from a project's perspective, The idea for Malta will be to be able to, of course, incorporate in Malta. And then also, if Malta has a strong marketing and development resources, then we can hire within Malta, right? And if not, but I'm sure there's gonna be areas where Malta can play a significant part in rolling out this product across the EU. Of course, Malta being an EU country, there's a significant role that Malta can play. Like you said, your colleague has a lot of experience and a lot of information around product rollout. And you said AP testing earlier, right? If that's something that we can leverage, then that would be fantastic. Something that we'll definitely look into.

11:18 - Alex Borg
Now, as I said, we can start off by applying for this incentive scheme that's run by Malta Enterprise. Now, as it is, And it's because you're pre-revenue. You still have to get some metrics. And it's going to require a bit of work. You need to gain some metrics. You need to release your MVP. And you said current metrics. Are 7 and you want to get it up to 20, you'd probably have to work on increasing those metrics. So what would you recommend? I mean, we're talking about people who shop regularly from certain establishments who are ready to commit. So I think you would need you need hundreds, ideally in the early hundreds, you know? For a service like this, you need a hundred, two hundred, I would say. And as it is now, I wouldn't start by applying for the, because Malt Enterprise are obviously they're inundated by other applications so they're obviously going to prioritize startups that have, that are already making revenue. So there's a good chance that at the beginning you'd have to first incorporate in Malta and that means sustaining costs, incurring costs. But then Once you are incorporated here, then that gives you access to a lot more funding, especially having a higher success rate. Because that's the advantage of Malta, you gain a higher success rate. However, Your idea is based on unknown technology, I believe we said last time.

14:02 - Wale Agbaje
It is based on known technology, but it's used in a totally different way that nobody else does today.

14:13 - Alex Borg
So you have an innovative business model, but it's not based on an invention. Correct. Or some innovative functionality or some emerging technology so that makes it difficult for you to apply for Read funding that's what I'm trying to tell you because there is there's not just Read there's also startup funding and how long have you been incorporated by the way?

14:49 - Wale Agbaje
In UK, about two years.

14:52 - Alex Borg
So you've been working on this idea three years or?

14:56 - Wale Agbaje
No, so I've been incorporated about two years and I've been working on it for about two years. Yeah, for about two years. I had an MVP, but the MVP wasn't fit for purpose. So we had to throw it away and then start again.

15:20 - Alex Borg
So basically what we're doing now is starting again. And do you see any scope for maybe adding some you know some some innovative functionality? I'm thinking for example what banks would be interested in is like vetting, risk analysis. Maybe you could, in future, I'm not talking about now, but maybe in future, you could consider harnessing some risk analysis on subscribers for example. I mean the banks will clearly do their own if these small business owners want to go to a bank.

16:30 - Wale Agbaje
Yeah, so part of what we're doing is to de-risk lending for these small users. You know the dashboard that we discussed last week was meant to help banks de-risk that, and de-risk in a number of ways. So when we set up these users on the platform, they're going to have a number of things that the bank are going to have access to. The number of subscribers, how much each subscriber is paying, and they're going to also have a trend of how long these subscribers have been paying for that service. Now, that then gives them a baseline of how much the business is earning from that subscription-based business that they can take to the bank. When they get to the bank, the bank is then going to be able to provide them with funding, because this is something that the businesses are lacking right now, or they don't have readily available. So we're putting structure in place, and we're putting the metrics in place as well. So that metrics is going to be very, very helpful is going to help with the vetting, it's going to help with risk management, and then it's going to help with acquisition of funds, which is going to be big for the banks as well.

18:01 - Alex Borg
Okay, probably it could also help with actual funding agencies. Yeah. Such as Malta Enterprise to assess. OK, so we had sent you our proposal, right? Yeah, yeah, I've got the proposal. I've looked at it. I like the proposal.

18:24 - Wale Agbaje
And we can get work started on it. But I just want to understand what the next steps are perspective, what would you advise that I do from my perspective so that we can get the proposal sent and then I could also start working on what else because I just need a detailed next steps plan from yourselves in terms of what you think we should do or what you think I should do as a business. Just so that we can start moving this forward.

19:06 - Alex Borg
Do you have a business plan and related documentation in place? Yeah, I've got a business plan. Funding agencies are always going to ask you for a business plan.

19:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, absolutely.

19:26 - Alex Borg
Another feature of our strategy would be to use crowdfunding. I see this very, very interesting for a crowdfunding platform. And we do have one of our partners who do crowdfunding. It's called Token Portal. They're a platform that's been set up in Malta about nearly a year ago.

19:57 - Unidentified Speaker
Is that Tolcot?

19:59 - Alex Borg
Sorry? What did you say they were called? Toke. Toke Portal.

20:06 - Unidentified Speaker
T-O-K-E.

20:07 - Alex Borg
OK. Have you looked them up? Toke Portal.

20:11 - Unidentified Speaker
OK.

20:12 - Wale Agbaje
Now I'm just taking some notes.

20:16 - Alex Borg
Yeah. I think yours would be good, because that is an excellent way of probing appetite, because if you start with a sort of pre-marketing campaign, that will already tell you if it resonates. And it's pretty fast. I would see that then later, once you have acquired the metrics, and later we can try to try and apply for a multi-enterprise and maybe in the meantime also see how we can pivot to an idea which perhaps requires some emerging technology. Yeah, like AI and things.

21:15 - Wale Agbaje
Like AI, yeah.

21:18 - Alex Borg
Okay, that makes sense.

21:21 - Alex Borg
do is I could send you a meeting. Well, in my next recap, I can send you a plan of how it would look like, just a few bullet points. And I'll speak to Alessandro and understand a bit better how we can help with the growth hacking part of the plan. Private equity funding would come later, I would think. Yeah, I think so too. If the crowdfunding campaign is successful, then of course that's private investment. Still equity investment. Then maybe after that, we'd also look for an investor and then approach MVC. If we're good enough to find a lead investor on top of the crowdfunding, then we could apply for the funding to be matched by MVC. That is a kind of general strategy.

22:52 - Wale Agbaje
Yeah, I like that strategy as well. So your proposal is we start with a crowdfunding option, so we're going to use a business plan and a pitch deck. You definitely need that. I've got a business plan ready, I've got a pitch ready. And then I'm going to try and get the metrics up until about a hundred.

23:20 - Alex Borg
Right. You said you have a business plan already. Yeah. I've got a business plan already. Financial projections. Correct. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. We can maybe have a look at it and maybe try to improve it a bit. Okay. And I would suggest, yes, the crowdfunding platform. And do you have any other questions about the proposal we sent you? I mean, when would you like to start? So no questions.

23:57 - Wale Agbaje
Let me have a follow-up discussion today. Let me have a final review of it today. And then I will drop you an email by closing today. It's still like 8 24 here right now. Yeah, so let me just have a final review of it today. Right. And then once I've reviewed it, I will come back to you. If I have any questions, and then we'll take it from there. I'm just going to my inbox right now.

24:33 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

24:33 - Wale Agbaje
One second, please. Ideally, I wanted to print it out. Okay, good.

25:02 - Wale Agbaje
Right, so I've got it here right now.

25:12 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, so the let me just share my screen quickly. Yeah.

25:25 - Wale Agbaje
It's this one, right?

25:30 - Alex Borg
Yes, that's it, yes. Okay.

25:32 - Wale Agbaje
I'm gonna have another look today, if I have any questions. It's not a lot of piggies, to be honest. So, let me review it again today. I will come back to you by close of business or at the earliest tomorrow morning.

25:48 - Alex Borg
Okay, no, there's no hurry. You don't have to put a lot of pressure on yourself. Yeah. So, okay, I have a word with Alessandro to maybe give you a bit more information about the growth hacking. Okay. So, we'll take it from there then. Okay, good.

26:08 - Wale Agbaje
So, from my perspective, I will update the business plan, I'll make sure it has the financial projections, I'll update the pitch deck, and then you said you'll send me a plan of how it will look like in terms of affiliates. And then you speak to Alessandro on the growth hacking part of the project. That's correct.

26:33 - Unidentified Speaker
OK. OK.

26:33 - Wale Agbaje
Sorry, as you were talking, I was taking some notes. I know you've got the AI meeting notes in there as well, but

26:41 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, but they're not accepted.

26:43 - Wale Agbaje
I mean, I don't have a license, so. No worries. OK, thanks for this. Let me. Sorry, go on. OK, so we'll catch up if need be.

26:52 - Alex Borg
We'll meet again. But at this point in time, I I think we can continue clarifying over mail.

26:58 - Wale Agbaje
Correct. Correct. I totally agree.

27:00 - Alex Borg
Yeah. OK, so have a great day. All right. Thank you.

27:05 - Wale Agbaje
Thanks, Alex. Appreciate you. Bye-bye. Thanks a lot. At this point.