SKRHYB - 3rd follow-up
Wed, Sep 3, 2025

0:00 - Unidentified Speaker
I'm good.

0:00 - Alex Borg
I'm going to do my phone sideways or maybe upside down. Wait, let me see because I've got a...

0:08 - Wale Agbaje
Yeah, it's good like that. Yeah, one second. Yeah, because I've got this... Let me see if it's going to work this way. Okay, good. It's working this way. How are you? I'm in a workspace, so I don't have my normal computer. No problem. Yeah, so a couple of things from the last conversation that we had, and I was hoping that I'll get an email from you around the confirmation that if we can use a UK registration for the crowdfunding request. So is that something that you've had a look at?

0:58 - Alex Borg
Yes, so you can. Okay. So let me... The problem is that...

1:09 - Unidentified Speaker
the problem...

1:11 - Alex Borg
well, you would have to... You can launch your crowdfunding campaign, you can do a pre-launch but at some point, let me tell the technicality.

2:04 - Alex Borg
Because I want to make sure. Yes, you need to set up a company. Now, it could be you need to have a subsidiary in Malta.

2:26 - Wale Agbaje
Or a special purpose vehicle.

2:30 - Alex Borg
And the reason is, that the multisubsidiary, the multisubsidiary, whether it's a subsidiary or a special purpose vehicle, needs to be in place before the actual crowdfunding campaign starts. So now, The problem is that if you are a UK citizen, therefore a third country national, there will be an element of due diligence, which takes time.

3:26 - Alex Borg
I'm listening, I'm with you.

3:29 - Wale Agbaje
So how the crowdfunding workshop?

3:32 - Alex Borg
Because I'm supposed to attend the workshop next week on this crowdfunding. Yeah, it needs to be in place before the actual crowdfunding campaign starts. So probably you can do a pre-launch because the way the approach is first you pay a fee which is around I believe 1.52k for a pre-launch to probe the market and get a feel of to see whether there is appetite for your for your business idea and then you go ahead with the actual crowdfunding campaign so before that starts you need to incorporate so the time are a bit tight. Okay. So what are the incorporation?

4:27 - Wale Agbaje
Because we've been talking about this incorporation in Malta for a while, Alex, and I think maybe it's time to take the plunge and do that actual incorporation rather than waiting because, you know, I think a lot of things tie into that Malta incorporation, right? Both the crowdfunding both the, not just the crowdfunding, but also the Malta enterprise fund as well, right? All of those need incorporation in Malta. So maybe that's something that I can kick off. I'm trying to see if I can transfer this meeting to my second phone. Let me, one second, because the phone that I'm talking to you The battery is running low. Okay. Yeah, just give me a second. Let me see if I can transfer it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, good. Sorry about that. No problem. Okay, so I think it's better now because this battery is running very, very low and I don't want it to get disconnected while we're talking.

6:12 - Wale Agbaje
Yes. Yeah. So what I was saying is that I think a lot of the work that needs to be done involves a lot of the incorporation in Malta. Because what I thought we were going to do before was we'll use the UK registration of Scribe for the crowdfunding. But I think what you're saying now is we need to have a subsidiary. Or a special purpose vehicle?

6:43 - Alex Borg
The reason for a special purpose vehicle is because it gets very complicated. If you have, I don't know, 60, 70, 100 crowdfunders, it becomes very unwieldy. So what normally happens is you incur the cost of setting up a crowdfunding sorry, a special purpose vehicle, which includes all the shareholders. And even in the event of later funding by an equity investor, usually it scares them to have so many shareholders. So having a special purpose vehicle kind of facilitates things.

7:34 - Wale Agbaje
Yeah, because right now, I'm still the only shareholder in this, right? So I don't have anybody else that has a piece of this. It's just me, nobody else. So I think from that perspective, it's a good thing, right? So if I need to serve that special purpose vehicle, I'm happy to do that.

8:00 - Alex Borg
But we had mentioned last time that because you are still pre-revenue, And you were interested in increasing the KPIs? Correct.

8:09 - Wale Agbaje
So that KPI increase is actually progressing, but it's not going as quickly as I thought it was. You know, I wanted to get it to 100, but I've got like 30 odd now, which is still, which is, well, it's not bad, but it's, you know, I wanted to get it to a hundred which I've not been able to because of some other distractions. I actually just got back from Qatar a few days ago. So because of that trip for one week, that kind of delayed my progress with this slightly.

8:55 - Alex Borg
But from a- But when you say a hundred, a hundred remind me.

9:02 - Wale Agbaje
businesses that have confirmed that they would like to use the platform when it's ready. Because right now, the design, the redesign of the product is going on right now. So I'm working with a project, with a company. They're currently doing the end-to-end redesign of the product, right? So once that's done, we're looking to go straight into development mode, which we're looking to complete by December or just after December. How have you been financing all of this?

9:34 - Alex Borg
I've been self-funding this myself. You have a job, so you're putting in your own money? Yeah, correct. Have you kind of formalized? Because what you're doing is you're putting in your own cash injection. So does that figure on your accounting books? It's important that you do because, first of all, it sends out a signal that you have put in your own money and it is a shareholder's loan.

10:16 - Wale Agbaje
Correct. Of course, I'm self-funding this right now and it's on my business account. Okay, it's important. Yeah, because I've got a business account that I'm using to fund this.

10:34 - Alex Borg
But do you have an account?

10:38 - Wale Agbaje
I mean, who is managing the account?

10:41 - Alex Borg
Do you have an account? No, I've got an accountant. Okay, it's important that your accountant records all the effort that you put in In terms of, I don't know, is it a salary? Are you paying yourself? Is it a cash injection you're putting in a shareholder's loan? It's important that it's recorded. Yeah, no, no.

11:07 - Wale Agbaje
So it's all recorded, it's all tracked, just so that for future audit purposes, if a shareholder says, oh, how much have you spent on this? I could come back and say, hey, I've spent this amount on this.

11:24 - Alex Borg
So I had sent you a tentative timeline so what we're saying here because I'm checking a check update or before now obviously you're going to incur an added cost over and above our fee for confirmation it's important that you're aware because we do not do company formation yeah is that something that I can do myself or online or you can do if you want to do it yourself it's you can do it well online you can't because you don't have any id I don't recommend you do it yourself okay um it's going to take long I mean I know people have done it themselves and um time wise I mean we do not do company formation I can put you in touch with someone um but you can find someone you like, you know, someone you feel comfortable with. I can recommend you to someone. Okay, that would be great because, you know, Alex, I think we've been talking about this company formations for a while.

13:02 - Wale Agbaje
It has come up every time we have a conversation, right? I think it's a low-hanging fruit if we're able to get that out the way right now because It's going to pave a path for everything else that we want to do, right? The crowdfunding, the Malta enterprise, pretty much everything really, it's going to create a path for all of that, which is what I'm keen to complete. If it's a low-hanging fruit, why not?

13:35 - Alex Borg
And would you be interested in relocating yourself to Malta, or would you prefer a direct Do you want someone to be a director for you? No, no, no.

13:48 - Wale Agbaje
Really and truly, I'd really love to relocate to Malta. I'm asking you because it's a commitment.

13:54 - Alex Borg
I mean, do you have family? Yeah, I've got family.

13:58 - Wale Agbaje
I'm sure the family will be, if I say, let's go to Malta, the weather is better. Parks are better. You know, so there's so much in Malta. That we can benefit from as a family. So, yeah. And you're British, right?

14:13 - Alex Borg
You're a British son. You're a British son. Yeah, yeah, I'm British.

14:18 - Wale Agbaje
I'm British, yeah. That helps. Yeah, that helps. I mean, from a travel perspective, I don't think it's, or from a relocation perspective, I may not relocate there full time, but I know that there's got to be a specific time period that I've got to spend there if I do move there, which I don't I don't think it's going to be a problem.

14:44 - Alex Borg
If you're intending to target the Middle East, the UAE and other countries in the Gulf region, Malta is a very strategically placed country because it's close. Look, I can recommend you, recommend someone, I can recommend two. Yeah, okay. Yeah, please send the details across with a maybe email summary recommendation.

15:19 - Wale Agbaje
And then if the price is good and the timelines are correct, I can kick that off. Yeah. Okay, what about the agreement from which I had sent you?

15:36 - Alex Borg
Yeah, so I've actually had a look at that.

15:42 - Wale Agbaje
The only question that I have around that is, I think I saw in there that I can pay in installments, right? Yes. OK, good. So that is fine. It's $500 a month.

16:02 - Alex Borg
Yeah, that is fine.

16:04 - Wale Agbaje
But the other question is, whilst it's $500 a month, what is the breakdown of the benefits for each month? So that's something that I didn't see in the document. I'm happy with the cost. It's something that I can accommodate. For me because I have to do accounting for this and as part of the accounting...

16:37 - Alex Borg
The package we sent you is the standard EU Venture Funding Program and that includes setting up your business plan plan, your financial projections, applying for funding. Now, we can't really apply for funding now. To apply for funding, we'd have to wait for company formation. Because only then you'd be eligible for funding. Now, we had discussed the need for you to get some metrics in place. I have 100. Yeah, so that's still around 30.

17:28 - Wale Agbaje
I'm still looking to get it to 100, which I've not been able to yet because I've been traveling. But question for you though, how long does it typically take for the formation to be completed? How long do you think it takes?

17:48 - Alex Borg
Company formation is about week. The problem is due diligence. Due diligence can take a long time. Malta has become very rigorous about that. After the grey listing five years ago, now each time you engage with, even when you engage with a corporate service provider, to do to do the company formation, they will ask you, they'll carry out KYC. But from your experience, end to end in total, how long does that take?

18:31 - Wale Agbaje
About a month, month and a half, it should be all done, month and a half.

18:39 - Alex Borg
I mean, if you're a UK citizen, if you are maybe, you know, because UK, it's It's kind of all right, you're not in the EU anymore, but it's kind of familiar, you know, familiar to us, you know, and I mean, Malta has now become very, very cosmopolitan. I mean, in some neighborhoods, the majority of people are foreign.

19:10 - Wale Agbaje
Yeah, because this is what I'm trying to do, right? I'm really trying to get the best out of this service. So what I can do is I could pay an upfront commitment to show that we want to do this. It's kind of like a retainer. Pay that upfront. Get the business registration kicked off as well. Let's say that takes a month, two months at the most. And then after that's been completed, right, we can then kick off the remaining engagements from yourself. Because what I don't want to do is I don't want to pay, right, because it's, like you said, it's a 12-man engagement, right?

20:01 - Alex Borg
So you first want to do company formation. Correct. Do company formation. And then sign the agreement with us. Yeah. No, no, no.

20:11 - Wale Agbaje
both in parallel. Do sign the agreement, do company formations. But what I want to do is I want to pay you guys a retainer, a commitment retainer to say, OK, we want to do this as a business. But the second payment wouldn't kick off until after the company formations have been completed. That way, even if it takes two months, that way we're not losing two months. If that makes sense.

20:41 - Alex Borg
Now, but we can still do work in parallel, because my question is, I'm not sure now whether you need the business development plan and, well, there is a business development plan in the business plan itself eventually, you know, when we get to writing that, because you need a business plan to apply for public funding. But you had mentioned customer acquisition strategy which is kind of more marketing oriented focused more on improving your metrics yeah yeah so the the metrics the idea of the metrics was to confirm that the idea is feasible right that the idea can be can be done.

21:34 - Wale Agbaje
So that's the main idea of the metrics, to say, OK, you've got this idea. Are people ready for it? Whilst we've done a lot of work, we don't have the metrics to back it up, which is why we wanted to do the metrics piece to make sure that, OK, this is a viable business idea.

22:01 - Alex Borg
Let me get back to you, because we can definitely start working in parallel. I was hoping to have my business partner here. He couldn't make it, so he is the person I should who knows more about the content of the customer acquisition strategy. So I'll get back to you on that. The contract I gave you covers fundraising and it covers the business plan and the business plan does include a chapter with a business development plan, but I recall that you needed extra support for the customer acquisition strategy to improve the, you know, support in testing, you know, in helping you acquire more customers, you know, more prospective customers.

23:18 - Wale Agbaje
Yeah, so if you ask, but there's a separate strategy that we want to use for customer acquisition, not necessarily that we need help with it, because we don't. We've got a clear strategy, we've got a clear go-to-market strategy, both for UK, right, and the GCC regions. Right, so those strategies are clear, we don't, they've been, they're clear and they're proven as well.

23:48 - Alex Borg
We can challenge that, we can challenge that if we want, when we do the you know, we have to adopt the classic kind of Socratic questioning, you know, where we challenge, obviously. I know sometimes it gets a bit sensitive, you know, when you ask too many questions and founders, you know, they get a bit sensitive when you start questioning. No, no, no. It's a normal process.

24:16 - Wale Agbaje
It's a normal process and I think if you have a business right that you can be challenged on right that you can then I don't think it's a viable business and I don't think users should be in that business right you know people need to challenge your idea and even if it means sometimes going back to the drawing board to figure things out I think it's important that users are able to do that you know.

24:45 - Alex Borg
Okay let me see let me check with my colleague to see whether we can do something extra on on the customer acquisition strategy okay okay yeah and let me see if we can cover that with the EU funding with the EU venture funding contract in the meantime I can I can introduce you to a couple of corporate service providers. And so you kick off that process. Yeah. Yeah.

25:23 - Wale Agbaje
I think the discussion has come up so much, so many times. I think it's important that we, we, we just kick off that piece of work, you know? Okay. Yeah. Okay. Let me tell you what I'll do.

25:43 - Alex Borg
I'm going to reply you over the mail I had sent you yeah um and then I'll I'll ask alessandro about about the the metrics part okay I think yeah go on okay so then we'll meet again maybe next week or the week or week after yeah um okay give me a day let me discuss this with alessandro because I I'm not sure whether the in any case as you said you already have the capacity to improve your metrics you said yeah right yeah so what's really key for you is the company formation and the business documentation to begin applying for funding and then there's the crowdfunding we could we could explore yeah but you said the

26:59 - Wale Agbaje
crowdfunding needs a registration or for a special purpose vehicle.

27:05 - Alex Borg
What could happen actually, I don't know whether the special purpose vehicle is sufficient for you to apply for funding because in that case, That might be enough. I'm wondering if that is enough to apply for funding in Malta.

27:34 - Wale Agbaje
Yeah, I mean, it's something that you can find out and let me know. OK, I'll let you know about that.

27:44 - Alex Borg
Give me a day or two, and I'll get back to you. OK. OK? Yeah. OK, cool. All right. We'll talk soon.

27:56 - Wale Agbaje
Let's agree the next meeting schedule. The week of the 23rd. Does that work for you? Okay, Tuesday 23rd?

28:15 - Alex Borg
Yeah, Tuesday 23rd.

28:18 - Wale Agbaje
Monday or Wednesday. Actually because I'll be traveling on those two days okay better wednesday okay either the week before or wednesday yeah um no no let's do wednesday 24th i've got a lot of free time wednesday all right so yeah yeah this time works as well one and two works for me but please in the meantime if you're able to send all the information regarding the recommendation for the company formations. And then the thing that you wanted to ask Alessandro. Yeah, I think those would be great.

29:11 - Alex Borg
Okay, so when Let me check. OK, so you'll get a calendar invite shortly. OK, I'll check.

29:50 - Wale Agbaje
because I'm charging my second phone here so as soon as it's done I'll check and I'll respond to it okay okay cool okay so see you uh we'll we'll you'll get an email from me shortly um uh the calendar update and in a in a day or two I'll send you an email yeah okay from my perspective alex give me um before weekend I'll respond directly to the contract, right? I'll drop you an email.

30:23 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

30:23 - Wale Agbaje
What I want to do is if you just review my proposal to say, we'll kick off, right? We will start with the upfront payment of the 500 euros. And then whilst the, of course, like you said, work will continue, but whilst the company registration is going on, we wouldn't need to pay anything until that is done. Then we'll kick off the second payment. Review it again, I'll drop the email and I'll send it to you.

30:53 - Alex Borg
Okay. Yeah. Okay. I have to check about that because, um, okay.

30:58 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

30:58 - Alex Borg
All right. I'll get, I'll, I'll, I'll get back to you.

31:03 - Wale Agbaje
Okay.

31:04 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

31:04 - Alex Borg
Great. So talk to you soon then. All right.

31:08 - Wale Agbaje
Yeah. I'll keep an eye out for your emails as well. Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Thanks Alex. Appreciate it. Thanks.